Add CodeMirror update and usage of requireJS to migration guide (#187)
WoltLab/docs.woltlab.com: docs/migration/wsc54/javascript.md

# Migrating from WSC 5.4 - TypeScript and JavaScript

## CodeMirror

> CodeMirror, which we use for highlighting custom CSS, for example, has been updated to version 5.61.1 and we now also deliver all supported languages/modes.

Reviewer: highlighting is not fitting.

> CodeMirror, which we use for highlighting custom CSS, for example, has been updated to version 5.61.1 and we now also deliver all supported languages/modes.

Author: ```suggestion
CodeMirror, the code editor we use for editing templates and SCSS, for example, has been updated to version 5.61.1 and we now also deliver all supported languages/modes.
```

> To properly support all languages/modes, CodeMirror is now loaded via requireJS, which requires the original structure of the CodeMirror package, i.e. `codemirror.js` being in a `lib` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To properly support all languages/modes, CodeMirror is now loaded via the AMD module loader, which requires the original structure of the CodeMirror package, i.e. `codemirror.js` being in a `lib` folder.
```

(Technically it's not RequireJS, but Alameda)

To preserve backward-compatibility, we also keep copies of `codemirror.js` and `codemirror.css` in version 5.61.1 directly in `js/3rdParty/codemirror`.

> These files are, however, considered deprecated and you should migrate to using requireJS (see `codemirror` ACP template).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These files are, however, considered deprecated and you should migrate to using `require()` (see `codemirror` ACP template).
```

> See [WCF#4277](https://github.com/WoltLab/WCF/pull/4277) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [WoltLab/WCF#4277](https://github.com/WoltLab/WCF/pull/4277) for more information.
```
